feat: goal planner checking border (#10725)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: planning/behavior_path_planner/autoware_behavior_path_goal_planner_module/README.md

- In the forward direction, a margin is added by the braking distance calculated from the current speed and maximum deceleration. The maximum distance is The maximum value of the distance is suppressed by the `object_recognition_collision_check_max_extra_stopping_margin`
- In curves, the lateral margin is larger than in straight lines.This is because curves are more prone to control errors or to fear when close to objects (The maximum value is limited by `object_recognition_collision_check_max_extra_stopping_margin`, although it has no basis.)

> Before these margins are applied, objects are filtered based on their location relative to road boundaries (linestring with [roader_boarder](https://github.com/fzi-forschungszentrum-informatik/Lanelet2/blob/master/lanelet2_core/doc/LinestringTagging.md#as-lane-boundary) type ).
>   Objects located on the opposite side of relevant road borders from the ego vehicle are excluded from the collision check process. This ensures that the planner focuses only on objects that pose a potential risk within the intended driving corridor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before these margins are applied, objects are filtered based on their location relative to road boundaries (linestring with [road_boarder](https://github.com/fzi-forschungszentrum-informatik/Lanelet2/blob/50239be48aa5a911d7347fdb828ee79dde2b2666/lanelet2_core/doc/LinestringTagging.md#as-lane-boundary) type ).
  Objects located on the opposite side of relevant road borders from the ego vehicle are excluded from the collision check process. This ensures that the planner focuses only on objects that pose a potential risk within the intended driving corridor.
```
